---
layout: post
title: "My first time at C2E2"
date: 2026-03-30
categories: [opinion]
tags: [Convention, Comic, Entertainment]
---

I went to C2E2 for the first time in 2026. Well this is actually my first comic convention of any kind and this is how it went! 

# What is C2E2?

C2E2 stands for Chicago Comic & Extertainment Expo. Comics, cosplay, gaming, authors and animed abound in the only pop culture convention in the hear of Downtown Chicago! (This was taken straight from their website)

# Friday (Day 1)
## Events
For Friday I had Storytelling in Games with Dechart Games from 12:30 - 1:30 PM with Bryan Dechart and Amelia Rose Blaire Dechart. I also wanted to attend the Project Hail Mary and the Science Behind the Blockbuster Sci-Fi which was from 2:45 - 3:30 PM. 

### Bryan and Amelia (Day 1)
The storytelling panel was really cool, it was in a medium sized room and there wasn't that many people so it was was a more intimate experience. Both Bryan and Amelia were awesome, they were very engaged and there was a Q&A at the end so fans can come up and ask their questions. I sometimes think about maybe potentially trying to get into voice acting and Bryan emphasized getting to know Indie gamers/devleipers because as they are making games, they might need a voice actor for their game. 

So I kept that in mind throughout the weekend because it is something that has always facsinated me and it was 

### Project Hail Mary and the Science Behind Blockbuster Sci-Fi
This panel pretty awesome. The room ended up being packed and it contained real scientists and educators. The panel included Daniel Holz, Gillian King-Cargile, Greogry Grant, Dion Antonopoulos and Leslie Rogers. It was facisnating to hear the science behind how realisitc something like the book can come true and how accurate was the science behind it. They were all so intersted and their answers had depth to the moderator. And that energy contiutned with a Q&A at the end and there was so much humor especially from Gregory. It was so intersting that many continued the conversation outside into the hall after the panel. 



# Saturday (Day 2)
## Events


### Main Stage
This was by far the most populated day. On Saturday I had a couple of things planned. The Scarlet Witch and Beyond: Elizabeth Olsen in Conversation was the first thing at 11 - 12pm and the interviewer was Josh Horowitz who I really enjoy. I thought the interview was great the crowd enjoyed it even though she was a bit ill. 

Right after her panel was Daredevil Born Again Panel which actually was just a Q&A for an hour. It would have been nice to seen an interview between the four panelists which were Charlie Cox, Krysten Ritter, Elden Henson, and Wilson Bethel. I loved the energy of Krysten and Wilson, I thought they were hilarious and had a bunch of quick one-liners that the crowd really enjoyed. 

### Emily Bett Rickards
This was kinda planned because I had noted who was on the cheaper side of things when it comes to selfies or photos at the autograph table.  
### Charlie Cox Photo
I only bought two photo ops and Charlie was one of them. Obvisouly I love Daredevil and it a show that 
# Sunday (Day 3)
## Events

### Bryan & Amelia (Day 2 pt1)
I had orginally planned to do a photo op with just Bryan but after I met them on Friday and Amelia was just amazing. I decided to upgrade the photo op to include both of them and wear my Detriot Become Human Hoodie signed by both of them on Friday. I took a picture with them in the morning and knew that after the Andy Weir book signing I would go back to them for the last thing to do before I end my time at the convention. 

### Andy Weir
The Andy Weir Day. The amount of people that were in line for his panel was unreal. His book signing was supposed to start at 3:15 and people were already in line since 1:45. The only reason I was able to get there pretty soon was because I saw the line at the panel and said nope. 

When I first saw the reviews of Project Hail Mary and how amazing it was. I challenged myself to read the book before watching the movie and wow is all I can say. What a book it was and the movie did an amazing job of adapting it. It is one of my favorite books and movies of all time. It just makes you feel so many different emotions and the visuals in the movie is breathtaking. So I was lucky enough to have two books signed personally. The Martian and Project Hail Mary and a question I asked him while he was signing was "What is your favorite part of writing a book?" He then responded candidly saying that finishing a book is most rewarding part because of how much work he puts into them. It was a free book signing up to 3 books signed which I thought was awesome!

### Bryan & Amelia (Day 3 pt2)



# What I learned


# Highlights & Conlusion








