---
layout: post
title: "My first time at C2E2"
date: 2026-03-29
categories: [opinion]
tags: [Convention, Comic, Entertainment]
---

I went to C2E2 for my first time and here is my personal expericence. 

# What is C2E2?

## Friday (Day 1)

Alright so when I first got to C2E2 I did have a plan on things to do ahead of getting there. I got to C2E2 around 11am, so I was able to explore the area and try to figure out where everything was. It was cool to see the different artists and writers. The panels that I wanted to go was Storytelling in Games with Dechart Games, Project Hail Mary and the Science behind Blockbuster Sci-Fi. 

The storytelling panel was really cool, it was in a medium sized room and there wasn't that many people so it was was a more intimate experience. Both Bryan and Amelia were awesome, they were very engaged and there was a Q&A at the end so fans can come up and ask their questions. I sometimes think about maybe potentially trying to get into voice acting and Bryan emphasized getting to know Indie gamers/devleipers because as they are making games, they might need a voice actor for their game. 

The second

## Saturday (Day 2)

This was by far the most populated day. On Saturday I had a couple of things planned. The Scarlet Witch and Beyond: Elizabeth Olsen in Conversation was the first thing at 11 - 12pm and the interviewer was Josh Horowitz who I really enjoy. I thought the interview was great the crowd enjoyed it even though she was a bit ill. 

Right after her panel was Daredevil Born Again Panel which actually was just a Q&A for an hour. It would have been nice to seen an interview between the four panelists which were Charlie Cox, Krysten Ritter, Elden Henson, and Wilson Bethel. I loved the energy of Krysten and Wilson, I thought they were hilarious and had a bunch of quick one-liners that the crowd really enjoyed. 



## Sunday (Day 3)

The Andy Weir Day. The amount of people that were in line for his panel was unreal. His book signing was supposed to start at 3:15 and people were already in line since 1:45. The only reason I was able to get there pretty soon was because I saw the line at the panel and said nope. 

When I first saw the reviews of Project Hail Mary and how amazing it was. I challenged myself to read the book before watching the movie and wow is all I can say. What a book it was and the movie did an amazing job of adapting it. It is one of my favorite books and movies of all time. It just makes you feel so many different emotions and the visuals in the movie is breathtaking. So I was lucky enough to have two books signed personally. The Martian and Project Hail Mary and a question I asked him while he was signing was "What is your favorite part of writing a book?" He then responded candidly said that finishing a book is most rewarding because of how much work he puts into them. It was a free book signing up to 3 books signed which I thought was awesome! 



